AI text embedding docs (#4)
neo4j/docs-genai-plugin: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/ai-providers.adoc

This page lists the supported AI providers.
Each provider has its own configuration map that can be passed to Neo4j's GenAI function/procedures.

[[text-embedding-ai-providers]]
== Text Embedding AI Providers

> The following provider configurations are for the `ai.text.embed` function and the `ai.text.embedBatch` procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following provider configurations are for the `ai.text.embed` function and the `ai.text.embedBatch` procedure.
TODO: Add link to function+procedure.
```

The text embedding callables currently support the following providers:

- OpenAI (`openai`)
- Azure OpenAI (`azure-openai`)
- Google Vertex AI (`vertexai`)
- Amazon Bedrock Titan Models (`bedrock-titan`)

> You can use the query `CALL ai.text.embed.providers()` to retrieve a list of the providers supported in your version of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query `CALL ai.text.embed.providers()` shows you the list of the providers supported in the version of the plugin you are running.
```

.ai.text.embed.providers() label:procedure[]
|===
| *Syntax* 3+m| ai.text.embed.providers() :: (name :: STRING, requiredConfigType :: STRING, optionalConfigType :: STRING, defaultConfig :: MAP)
| *Description* 3+a| Lists the available vector embedding providers.
.5+| *Return arguments* | *Name* | *Type* | *Description*

> | `name` | `STRING` | The name of the GenAI provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | `STRING` | The name of the AI provider.
```
I'd encourage us to refer to them as `AI providers` rather than `GenAI providers`. That's also how they advertise themselves, and it helps quickly distinguish `GenAI plugin` from `AI provider` from the first letter.

| `requiredConfigType` | `STRING` | The signature of the required config map.

> | `optionalConfigType` | `STRING` | "The signature of the optional config map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `optionalConfigType` | `STRING` | The signature of the optional config map.
```

| `defaultConfig` | `MAP` | The default values for the GenAI provider.
|===

=== OpenAI

.OpenAI configuration parameters
[opts=header, cols="1,1,1,3"]
|===
| *Name*          | *Type*   | *Default* | *Description*

> | `model`         | `STRING` | -         | Model id (see https://platform.openai.com/docs/models[OpenAI -> Models]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `model`         | `STRING` | -         | Model ID (see https://platform.openai.com/docs/models[OpenAI -> Models]).
```
I'm used to seeing `identifier` shortened to its capitalized version `ID`, but maybe it's just me?

| `token`         | `STRING` | -         | OpenAI API key (see https://platform.openai.com/api-keys[OpenAI -> API Keys]).
| `vendorOptions` | `MAP`    | `{}`      | Optional vendor options that will be passed on as-is in the request to Open AI (see https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings/create[OpenAI -> Create embeddings]).
|===

> ==== Usage example

Reviewer: I think these extra titles clog the UI unnecessarily. I would remove them and put the heading content `Usage example` as title of the example, instead of `Query`. Or, even better, give a meaningful title to the example (ex. "Embed the string `Hello world`").

.Query

> [source, cypher, indent=0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source, cypher, test-result-skip]
```

- indent param not needed
- because the output is truncated in the result, we can't verify it. But we can run the query and at least verify it still works.

Author: None of these queries will work, as we won't supply the keys 😓

----
WITH
  {

>     token: $openAiApiKey,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    token: $openaiToken,
```
Docs testing will run examples containing parameter `$openaiToken` (filling it in with an internal key), but will skip others where parameters are unknown.

    model: 'text-embedding-ada-002',
    vendorOptions: {
      dimensions: 1024,
      user: 'testBot'
    }
  } AS conf
RETURN ai.text.embed('Hello World!', 'openai', conf) AS result
----

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===

| result
| [0.0023064255, -0.009327292, .... (1024 coordinates total as requested), -0.0028842222]
1+d|Rows: 1

|===

=== Azure OpenAI

> This provider can be used with Azure OpenAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this sentence is saying anything.

| `resource`      | `STRING` | -         | Azure resource name.
| `token`         | `STRING` | -         | Azure OAuth2 bearer token.
| `vendorOptions` | `MAP`    | `{}`      | Optional vendor options that will be passed on as-is in the request to Azure.
|===

==== Usage example

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----
WITH
  {
    token: $azureToken,
    resource: 'my-azure-openai-resource',
    model: 'text-embedding-3-small',
    vendorOptions: {
      dimensions: 1024,
      user: 'testBot'
    }
  } AS conf
RETURN ai.text.embed('Hello World!', 'azure-openai', conf) AS result
----

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===

| result
| [0.0023064255, -0.009327292, .... (1024 coordinates total as requested), -0.0028842222]
1+d|Rows: 1

|===

=== Google Vertex AI

.Vertex configuration parameters
[opts=header, cols="1,1,1,3"]
|===
| *Name*          | *Type*   | *Default* | *Description*
| `model`         | `STRING` | -         | Model resource name (see https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/model-garden[Vertex AI -> Model Garden]).

> | `project`       | `STRING` | -         | Google cloud project ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project`       | `STRING` | -         | Google Cloud project ID.
```
`Cloud` is part of their project name, so it should be capitalized.

| `region`        | `STRING` | -         | Google cloud region (see https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/general/locations[Vertex AI -> Locations]).
| `publisher`     | `STRING` | 'google'  | Model publisher.
| `token`         | `STRING` | -         | Vertex API access token.
| `vendorOptions` | `MAP`    | `{}`      | Optional vendor options that will be passed on as-is in the request to Vertex (see https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.publishers.models/predict[Vertex AI -> Method: models.predict]).
|===

==== Usage example

.Query
[source, cypher, indent=0]
----
WITH
  {
    token: $vertexApiAccessKey,
    model: 'gemini-embedding-001',
    publisher: 'google',
    project: 'my-google-cloud-project',
    region: 'asia-northeast1',
    vendorOptions: {
      title: 'Test Title',
      taskType: 'QUESTION_ANSWERING',
      outputDimensionality: 1024,

>       autoTruncate: true

Reviewer: Is there a value to all these options here? Not all of them are obvious as to what they do, and people would need to consult 3rd-party docs to find out. I get that we want to display the shape of a full request, but `outputDimensionality` would be enough, no?

    }
  } AS conf
RETURN ai.text.complete('Hello World!', 'vertexai', conf) AS result
----

.Result
[role="queryresult",options="header,footer",cols="1*<m"]
|===

| result
| [0.0023064255, -0.009327292, .... (1024 coordinates total as requested), -0.0028842222]
1+d|Rows: 1

|===

[[amazon-bedrock-titan]]
=== Amazon Bedrock Titan Models

> This provider gives support for all models that uses the same request parameters and response fields as the Titan text models.

Reviewer: Can we link to `Titan text models`, whatever they are?
